Update README.md (#46)
ch32-rs/wchisp: README.md

# or replace MODE="0666" with GROUP="plugdev" or something else
```

### Arch Linux

> Arch Linux can install [wchisp](https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/wchisp) and [wchisp-git](https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/wchisp-git) via the AUR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Arch Linux users can install [wchisp](https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/wchisp) or [wchisp-git](https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/wchisp-git) via the AUR.
```
